Made twitter hyperlink (#1)
ykdojo/100DaysofOpenSource: README.md

# 100DaysofOpenSource

> #100DaysofOpenSource - join us here and on [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/ykdojo)

Reviewer: thank you for the PR!

could you change it to the search page for the hashtag?

this should be more about the hashtag than my personal account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#100DaysofOpenSource - join us here and on [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/hashtag/100DaysOfOpenSource?src=hashtag_click)
```
